Mr. Guo, I was wrong.
Please forgive our Jiang family
Yes, the Jiang family is my husband
Half his life's hard work
Really can't go out of business?
I was ashamed of Jiang Xue back then
Not only did he become my nominal girlfriend
It also helps your Jiang family grow and develop
He deceived me.
I just take back what I gave
I will punish him severely
I'll give you an explanation.
I'm useless
I said no
Mr. Gu, you are joking
It doesn't count what you say.
Who said it could count?
Vegetables
You're my daughter
Broken bones and tendons
Please help me to intercede with Mr. Gu
For the sake of us women
daughter
Why don't I remember having a father like you?
I only remember when you kicked me and my mother out
I broke off my relationship when I left the house
Cai Cai, please forgive your father
You have to have a begging attitude
I can't feel you begging me right now
My time is precious
Don't waste my time
You kneel down for my daughter
You're crazy to make me kneel for her
I made you kneel
You hit me
kneel down